Time flow never stops
In every capsule, they develop
their own little ideal landscapes,
without the slightest obstacle.
In the Violet capsules, they can discuss generational shifts,
the first children of the capsule will soon go to school.
The Violet family policy has nurtured
the community vigorously.
A strong caste system prevents anyone from deviating
from the community's set goals.
The group breathes in unison,
the group worships the same god.
The Silver inhabitants, instead of productivity,
and efficiency,
have emphasized the establishment of national identity.
Over the years, a new national epic has been born,
which poetically and convincingly portrays Estonia
as the first kingdom of all Eurasia.
Every person in this world region
is actually of Estonian descent.
Estonia has become the world's center,
where no one can or wants to leave.
In the Turquoise and Lime capsules,
something similar has unexpectedly happened.
Death has acquired a nobler meaning.
In the Lime capsule, by now, no one believes
that going into voluntary retirement at 65
is unfair.
The first mission-minded capsule members
have already taken this step.
They are remembered with kind words and gratitude.
The Turquoises have completed a new organic material
powered energy generator.
Since one member departed to the other side
their physical body blessed new technology
Energy was drawn from just one body
for a whole three months!
What an accomplishment!
If only Limes and Turquoises could be combined,
productivity would truly soar.
But there are also more problematic aspects.
In the Violet capsule, the singles and childless
have evolved over time
essentially into free-roaming prisoners without rights.
But what can you do when some are selfish?
Among the Silvers, a sudden peanut allergy
has started spreading, ignoring it
has led to serious digestive disorders.
For the sake of homeland, no sacridifce is too much,
right?
Among the Limes, you may occasionally hear complaints,
"We dwell here in darkness, just waiting
for our 65th birthday."
But why couldn't that be the purpose of life?
The Turquoises have distanced themselves from physicality
so radically that indeed, some
capsule members have difficulties using their bodies.
In some cases, bedsores occur.
But just a little patience more,
the uploading of consciousness to the web
will soon become a reality.
The flow of time doesn't stop.
Even for those whose choices are carved in stone.
Time flows through the Vivaarium capsules.